I think that that the navy change the world, the military can change the
world, and ultimately America can change the world if we use the money
that we are spending for the military wisely. So America spends
I think six hundred billion dollars per year, which is from what I
understand several times more than any other country. It's maybe the
next six countries combined total, that's what the military spends.
So what are we using that money for I would say that it's policing
the world. We make sure that we have a huge military so that there
aren't huge fights breaking out all over the world like it used to be
two hundred three hundred years ago because there wasn't a main force.
Then you have England attack France, Iraq attack Saudi Arabia,
I'm making up countries but you understand that there wasn't a global
force for good making sure that everybody isn't going crazy with all
the attacking. So yes America does attack itself too and there's
an ideology behind that. But ultimately as long as America can control
the huge fights that break out then I'd say that people for the most
part in most countries will appreciate that protection that we are
providing.